what's up Lads this is how to sign your
next 10 clients as fast as possible this
is for marketing agency owners B2B
companies Freelancers who want to grow
faster if this is your first time year
you don't know who I am my name is
Daniel faio I'm the co-founder of client
Ascension and list kit you can look
those up we're on Pace to do about six
million in sales in 2024 we have 47 team
members have had over 1,000 B2B clients
about multiple nine figures in client
results all my links are in the
description and what we're going to talk
about today to facilitate this this
action of signing clients as quickly as
conceivably possible first is obviously
getting more leads how to get more
clients as fast as possible secondarily
converting those leads into clients so
how to increase close rates and take
rates and then third and finally getting
those clients to get you more clients
and how to make social proof flywheels
let's start this off so in the first
section of getting more leads the first
method that you need to implement
expeditiously is SEO optimized YouTube
video so if you go onto my channel and
you look back and and you scroll down
like towards the beginning this is this
is I did in the beginning is I just made
SEO optimized videos WR like how to make
money online how how to grow followers
on Twitter like those are some of my
best performing videos of all times
because they're just they just rank and
that's it so you want to make videos
specifically for the purpose of ranking
on Search terms there are two buckets of
people and you're you're selling to
business owners so there's two buckets
of people those looking for
entertainment and those looking for
Solutions so you're not trying to
optimize for entertainment you're trying
to optimize to provide a solution to
somebody who has an issue right so
business owners are looking for
Solutions here are the types of videos
they may otherwise be searching for
business owners watch this kind of
content software tutorials case studies
industry Trends howto guid product
reviews and comparisons interviews with
experts and tips and tricks for instance
I have stuff like case studies how-to
guides interviews with experts tips and
tricks I have YouTube premium I'll
download these videos and listen to them
at the gym or on a walk and I I that's
what I listen to you see what I mean so
let me show you this tool this is called
vid IQ and what you can do here is I
have email I searched the keyword email
marketing and let me see if I can zoom
in here real quick and I I did questions
and then email marketing what is email
marketing how to do email marketing how
to use MailChimp for email marketing how
to do email marketing for free how to
collect emails for email marketing how
to use clavio for email marketing so
these are very hyp specific questions
that people have in regards to email
marketing so if your service is related
to email marketing what you should
probably do what would otherwise be a
very phenomenal idea for you to do is to
go make videos specifically answering
each of these questions that show up in
the questions field in vid IQ just do
that do that like 30 times and the
objection you're going to have at this
point is oh I need to do the editing in
in in the video thumbnail this video
you're watching right now is not edited
most of my videos videos now are not
edited they get views in fact my best
performing videos of all time are in
fact not edited and they don't have
thumbnails it's just a screenshot from
inside the video so just do that it
makes your life considerably more simple
all right so next is redistribute what's
in your YouTube videos on Twitter or X
and Linkedin so you already did the work
of doing this just turn it into a thread
format or post for is written format and
just put it on Twitter and Link it
there's precisely actually zero Reon to
do this the only objection you actually
will have in this is that you have I
don't know old colleagues or or college
friends on your LinkedIn or or or you
don't have business people on Twitter
all right so here's what I did just
delete your old LinkedIn account or your
old Twitter account and make a new one
now you have a business one that's it
that's what I did very simple solution
right so method number three high volume
C email so you you using an offer in the
style that I'm going to explain in the
next section so make sure you you keep
watching because is important to
understand having an offer in the in the
fashion with which I'm going to explain
to you is integral to make cold Emil
work in fact it's integral to make
anything at all work right so you want
to go and email 10,000 to 30,000 people
per month so here's a quick software
stack domains pork bun admin panels for
the actual inboxes use Microsoft Outlook
email scraping use list kit. email
sending smart lead all I'll put the link
to the description there um and if you
want us to help you build the system out
you can go to client.com
um meth four create sales assets so I
don't know what what what to make
content on said literally everybody on
the planet right so here's an example of
what sales are sales assets are
sometimes if you're in a call with a
client they're G to they'll have some
objections and what they'll say is like
hey can you just can I just see some
case studies before I go through with
this or can I see some examples of work
or like what kind of expected results
would I be able to get or can I have
like a breakdown or like walk through of
like what exactly happens here like
after I buy like what am I getting which
are all very reasonable things for them
to request right now what you need to
understand is that is that these
materials if posted online I don't know
why there two words also generate leads
so if you if if if if clients are asking
you for case studies or examples of the
work or the expected results or
breakdowns of walkthroughs just post it
on YouTube
and Linkedin and Twitter and use it as a
sales asset for when people request this
material like just do that in
fact the people the leads that come
through these materials are the best
leads because you've already handle the
objections that they would otherwise
have can I see some case studies like
they already watched 48 of them you see
what I mean so not only do they help you
close more warm leads they also help you
generate more leads in the first place
place it is very integral for you to do
this we are constantly creating new
sales assets over and over and over
again so second section convert those
leads into clients so this is about
increasing take rates and increasing
conversion rates so method number one
collect client client case studies there
is no more powerful of a mechanism of
influencing a human's chorice than by
showing them that other people are doing
it so you ever hear your mom
say if all your friends jump off a
bridge are you going to jump off a
bridge and
ironically if you're like I don't know
you're out on a river day with a bunch
of friends or something and and like
there there's a bridge it's like it's
like 30 40 feet high people are jumping
off the bridge like everyone's jumping
off the bridge they're calling you a
[__] if you don't jump off the bridge
yeah you're going to jump off the bridge
that's a very reasonable
thing to to like it's fun like it
everyone's have you're here at this
River to have fun a bunch of people are
jumping off the bridge they're okay in
fact they're they're having more fun so
fun level has Rose after the bridge
jumping therefore the social proof like
the the perceived outcome of you jumping
off the bridge you're you're you're
fairly confident it's going to result in
an increase in in in life satisfaction
so yes you jump off the bridge quite
literally right so this is the same
thing that happens with the client case
studies there's a whole bunch of people
back and forth over and over this
person's getting results this person's
getting results this person this person
this these results these these results
it becomes very overwhelming it's it's
it's unreasonable at a certain point
when you have so many case studies that
anyone would ever have this objection is
it are you sure it's going will it work
for me like yeah dude there's a lot of
people this keeps working for this is
the single most influential thing you
can do in your entire business so
everybody is concerned with what has
happened to other people as the first
and most important determiner for what
they will do right therefore it has been
observed by me and the over 1,000 agency
owners who have joined client Ascension
that the number one determiner of how
much money you make in your business in
your agency is directly and indisputably
onetoone correlated with how many case
studies you have how many client case
studies are you able to produce that's
it that's the only thing you need to do
throughout the entirety of your business
is just make new case studies over and
over and over and over again and that's
it if you don't have client results like
if if you haven't worked with clients to
even get case studies in the first place
you need to go work on a performanceonly
basis and sign a lot more clients so you
can get a lot of case studies as fast as
possible I cannot I can I cannot
accurately describe to you how important
this is this is the only thing that
matters basically at all right so method
number two create a direct response
style offer now this is this is all very
important material to understand that
I'm about to share with you right these
are the components that get people to
purchase there are four things here so
there's the specific claim the guarantee
and the case studies and the social
presence so let me walk through each of
these specific claim your offer States
an exact quantifiable result that a
client will get working with you exactly
like you're doing right now and it's why
you're seeing this document specifically
promise a result that is measurable
right so guarantee guarantee that your
prospects will get the specific claim
and if they don't they get their money
back if you have no case studies work on
a performance basis and only get paid
after you get results if you have no
case studies and refuse to have a
guarantee or work in a performance basis
I need to make this extremely clear to
you if you have no case studies and you
refuse to have a guarantee or work on
performance basis you will never sign
clients ever no matter what you do no
matter it's Cod email Cod DMS ads
content marketing and any whatever
[__] you you you choice you choose to
engage in I positively promise you
you're not getting
clients it's not happening like you ju
you just need to understand this because
there's there a there's a category of
people they just ignore that and they're
like yeah I'm just going to go sign a
$4,000 client I have no case studies
I've never done this before it should be
fine and it's like bro you don't
understand and then they come to me and
then they complain which every
everything you're saying about getting
clients doesn't work it's like no bro
cuz you're not listening you're not
listening to the hard part you don't get
to skip the hard part that's not how the
that's not how life Works you're not
allowed to do that if you want to be
ripped you don't get to skip the gym
that's not a thing that that's not
real right if you want to have a you
want to have a profitable company make
20,000 $30,000 per month profit have
time location
Freedom you don't get to skip this part
I'm sorry it's not real and if some if
someone if someone is trying to tell you
that you can't skip this part if you
just buy my coaching program or if you
buy my course or if you sign up with my
agency I'll get you clients without you
needing to do that it's [__] wrong
you're going to it's not going to work
you're going to ask them for a refund
they're not going to give you the refund
this is this is how this works like it's
wrong it's just indisputably absolutely
incorrect you have to do that okay SEC
third case studies showing that you have
delivered quantifiable results for
clients we what over that and the social
presence so here's what you also need to
understand you are default an internet
scammer until proven otherwise someone
say you're doing called email you you
called email client um you called email
a prospect what are they doing
immediately after they're Googling your
name 100% of the time they're Googling
your name nobody who is interested
replies without Googling you I'll put it
like that there's not a single
person who gets a call if they're
interested in your cold OT doesn't
Google you that doesn't happen
so if you don't if you don't exist
anywhere if you don't if you're not on
YouTube or LinkedIn or or Twitter or
just [__] anywhere just anything or
your website doesn't have a video of you
of ESL it's not like it's not going to
work you you you're a you're in ter to
them to this Prospect you are an
internet scammer because you don't exist
anywhere it's impossible to see who you
are you have no
reputation it's like you're a [__]
internet scammer so you're not so you
have to have social proof that it it's
just it's really just that simple now so
I put four things here so there are four
total variables so if you have zero or
one of the four variables if you only
have zero or one you have a bad offer if
you have two out of four you have an
average offer if you have three out of
four you have a great offer and have
four out of four you have a hypers
scalable company so you need all four of
these right if you want to like if you
want to sign clients on a reasonable
timeline you need you need three of
these right so I so like what you would
be doing is specific clent if you're
more of a beginner you go for specific
claim guarantee and social presence
that's what you do those are the three
that you would be doing until you have
case studies and then you have all four
but those are the three you should pick
right now the problem with a lot of
people is they won't do this one the
social presence one which is
like one of the more powerful ones so
like no sorry you don't get to skip that
like that that's not how this Market
works today you don't get to skip that
now I'm sorry but that's that's just how
it is like if you don't if you really
don't like the idea of posting on
Twitter or LinkedIn or like a video of
yourself online I'm sorry to break this
to you but too too [__] bad but
that's just how the market works now
like you you're just not allowed to get
away without doing that anymore you just
won't get any results like I'm just
trying to keep a real with you it's
really just not going to
happen so just as like a warning to make
it abundantly clear to you if you have
less than two of these variables it's
Capital inefficient right so this does
not just apply to cold email it applies
to every marketing tactic on the planet
if you fail to get these variables your
entire company will fail like it it's
completely useless to even keep the
company alive if you refuse to get three
of these it's you might as well if
you're not going to have at least three
of these you might as well just [__]
quit right now it's completely useless
to even operate this company it's just
not going to work so just stop now if if
you're not going to do at least three of
these just like save your time and go
get a job now if you do if you do want
to make this work if you committed to
making this work if you get three of
these it's definitely going to work if
you stick with it so so if you're that
guy who like yeah now is my time I'm
growing this [__] I'm making I'm getting
a bunch of clients I'm I'm I'm hitting
30k 40K 50k a month
whatever go get three of these at least
three work on four and then you'll be
good like it'll happen eventually like
it does like you that's just that's just
a raw math that's just raw math equation
like in in MA like it's physics right
so uh get those clients to get you more
clients produce case study inter
interviews interviews right so so the
the thing with this is that a lot of
people they see case study or
testimonials and then the the one
they'll [__] fake them like no sorry
that doesn't work like people know when
they're fake and then it just hurts you
and that's it and you're just lying it's
like don't do that it's
weird now what you what what is most
important in a case study is it reveals
who the client
is the specific result that occur
in the time frame with which it happened
right so these are client Ascension case
studies these are just six of them
there's like there's a [__] ton there's
like a 100 there's over a 100 right so
Adam hamon 0 to $32,000 per month at
five months Jake Romero $10,000 to
$45,000 per month in 6 months Steven
Bina 2K to 23k a month and three months
Dan Gibbs 10K to 80k in 6 months right
you get the point 2K to 25k in 4 months
0 to $933,000 per mon month and 14
months right that you you get the point
make those make them interviews and post
them on YouTube that's what you need to
do right so sign clients get results for
those clients document the results in
case study post them on the Internet
keep doing it forever right also if you
would like to conceivably get results
like this you should join client
ascension. the link is in the
description now method two pay for
referrals right so so there's no such
thing as free client you always have to
pay you always have to pay for a
customer always in either time or money
you always there's always some
expenditure that must go out in order to
facilitate the acquisition of a customer
a paying customer right so so you need
to figure out what your cost to acquire
customers let's say you're using cold
email and you determine that for every
10,000 cold emails you send it takes
$350 of data $400 of sending accounts
and email software and then 15 hours of
your time and every time you do this you
get one paying client so if you value
your time at $200 per hour then the 15
hours equates to $3,000 so your cost to
acquire a customer is $750 in hard cost
and $3,000 in soft cost so doesn't it
make sense that you would pay a current
client $1,000 a referral fee because
you're going to pay more than that to
get
someone so it makes sense right so so
caveat makeing sure that referrals must
be directly booked through a specific
cly link and that person referred cannot
be somebody already in your funnel then
it's just like bro what what like this
is already your lead you know just make
it to that um so method three
testimonial hacking you're going to pay
for publicly posted testimonies you're
really paying but back when I was
pushing the codo Mastery course really
hard in 2020 I do this thing every
single month where I where I email the
buyer so contacts like [__] 8,000
people bought this course like that that
that course made over a million dollar
in Revenue just just a course right so I
do this thing every single month that
email the buyer list and I'd give them
an offer I'd be like post a public
testimonial on Twitter make it contain
how much money you made from the course
keep the Tweet up let me retweet it a
bunch of times and I will give you a
free consultant call for doing this and
I'd get like 20 to 30 of these a month
and I'd have a [__] ton of tweets from
people and you can you can take the link
to someone's tweet and automatically
schedule it to retweet from your account
on this app called hype Fury and that's
what I would do I'd fill that [__] up
every day and all all week I was
retweeting people's testimonials
constantly over and over and over and
over again constantly getting new ones
that's how this course made a million
dollars it was doing that like that's
how that occurred it's probably one of
the best marketing tactics of all time
okay last um join client Ascension if
you want me to personally apply
everything I teach into your business so
you can sign more clients go to client
ascension. comom link is in the
description if you're a beginner and
haven't started a business yet go to
interneton group.com we'll show you how
to make your first ,000 online subscribe
I love you good bye